[DOCS] Describe how to use Elastic Agent to monitor Elasticsearch (#94348)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/monitoring/indices.asciidoc

[[config-monitoring-indices]]
== Configuring indices for monitoring

> Sometimes the default index settings might not work for your situation. For

Author: @klacabane I'm trying to provide some context around why users might want to configure index settings. Is this too specific considering that the existing section about metricbeat focuses on setting number of shards/replicas and discourages users from changing other settings?

Reviewer: I'd keep the context. ILM is a valid use case and while mappings removal/update can break dashboards, the wording here hints at _adding_ mappings which won't have side effects. We can maybe replace "other settings" with shards/replicas to align with metricbeat recommendation

Author: good idea!

example, you might want to change index lifecycle management (ILM) settings,

> add custom mappings, or change other index settings.

Author: ```suggestion
add custom mappings, or set the number of shards or replicas for the monitoring indices.
```
